"I have been seduced
It's not at all what I expected, and for that I am glad. I imagined it might be some pick up artist babble, but what I got instead was a devilishly insightful glance into an essential part of human nature. Greene does not sugarcoat anything, and unveils the secrets of not only romantic seduction, but manipulation of almost every kind. The numerous archetypes of seducers and anti-seducers are explained in lovely detail with many historical and fictional examples to boot. I found myself falling for the book as if I was being seduced myself. The stories and examples throughout not only give great manifestation to the technique discussed, but also have rejuvenated a spirit of wonder and excitement within me. The narration is clear and wonderfully read in a perfect cadence. I cannot recommend this book enough. For someone like myself who has always yearned to grasp more and more power in the realm of social dynamics, this a goldmine."
"Ms. Kondo delivers her tidy manifesto like a kind of Zen nanny, both hortatory and animistic."" (The New York Times)

""Narrator Emily Woo Zeller captures the voice of author Marie Kondo so perfectly that it's as if the Japanese de-cluttering guru is speaking in person."" (AudioFile)"
"Tesla was a hundred years ahead of his time
Simon Prebble did a great job narrating the story. The book goes into more depth surrounding the times of Tesla. It gives an overview history of Serbia and surrounding countries. In covering the education of Tesla the author also introduces the reader to the professors that influenced him. Marc Seifer also covers in depth the interaction between Edison, Bell, Westinghouse and investors such as J.P. Morgan, John Aster, Stanford White and others. Tesla health, habits and mental health are covered. Seifer goes into depth covering the wide array of invention of Tesla and many are just becoming a factor in our daily life. It was also interesting to note that there are many more invention that the department of defense placed under a blanket of national security and no information is available on these inventions. This book has only made me want to know more about Tesla and his fellow engineers of the 1890s.

"
"Loved this book!
The authors take us on an easy-to-understand grand tour of the science of computer algorithms — stopping, sorting, caching, predicting, game theory, and much more — and then do a marvelous job of explaining The application of these algorithms to the most mundane problems of everyday human experience — parking, dating, remembering, playing poker, etc. A tour de force! I enjoyed it greatly, and recommended it to several friends."
"Modern Blueprint for the Wantrepreneur
This book might not get you rich in dolla dolla bills y’all but it will guide you on how to turn the power and reach of the internet/social media into your greatest asset. If you fantasize about putting yourself out there for the world to see but you’re stuck on how to go about it or market yourself or become your own brand Just. Get. The. Damn. Book. Like Gary says in the conclusion: it’s the last “business book” you’ll ever need. It’s up to us to take action beyond his words."
"
""It's about time this book was written. It is a long-overdue manifesto for the mobile lifestyle, and Tim Ferriss is the ideal ambassador. This will be huge."
Atomic Habits was a great read. I learned a lot and think it’ll be helpful to a lot of people."

Jordan Peterson, has become one of the best-known Canadians of this generation. In the intellectual category, he’s easily the largest international phenomenon since Marshall McLuhan.... By combining knowledge of the past with a full-hearted optimism and a generous attitude toward his readers and listeners, Peterson generates an impressive level of intellectual firepower

"NOTHING SHORT OF LIFE-CHANGING
I have never been one to negotiate; I have always been terrified of it whether for my job or in interpersonal situations. This book helped me unearth not only new ways for me to build confidence but also has some incredible negotiation techniques and tips that I had never imagined I would encounter. Worth EVERY penny. I would recommend to you, but I don't want you to know what I now know in case I ever face you. ;) Oh, and outstanding work by the narrator. Kept me engaged the whole time. I couldn't stop listening!"
"A new era in audio books...and maybe in relating to others
I am ruined forever on all the usual audiobooks. This was utterly fabulously produced, and now I shall expect all audiobooks to sound like fascinating podcasts ;) Ha! Really though, Malcolm has dramatically raised the bar on audiobooks. Second, I just had a conversation in which my husband and I were talking about how complex people are....that sometimes things are not as they’d first seem. True to form, Malcolm sweeps us into a story about one thing, and then suddenly it is about something totally unexpected yet profoundly relevant in helping us see and understand the story (and characters in it) at hand. This book has moved me toward working to hold a more gracious posture in my interactions with others and myself without sacrificing wisdom. I cannot forget the three interlocking realities he explores in this book: default to truth, the illusion of transparency, and coupling. If everyone in America could sit quietly with this information and truly consider it, we may perhaps create a kinder—and wiser— society. I’m recommending this to everyone. Although, some content is not intended for young ears. Parents be aware if you’re listening in the car with kiddos in the back.
"
"A Silver Bullet?!
Wonderfully simple, practical concepts that provide us truly effective methods of expressing and receiving love. Any and all relationships could benefit from the information contained in this book. While it is written from a Christian perspective and focuses almost exclusively on married couples experiencing some level of dysfunction in their marriages, the material can be interpreted in any way that best serves your needs. I myself am not a Christian nor am I married, but this has offered wonderful clarity and help to me and my significant other as we co-create the relationship of our dreams together. Hoping to put these lessons to use to set us up for success so we won't need the damage control down the road!
"
"Very ""self help"" but overall good information
My main complaints about this book are that it's not very inclusive of folks who practice ethical non-monogamy or polyamory. And I disagree with some small parts of what they say. However, the main information in this book is incredibly helpful in all relationships, even if this is focused on romantic and sexual ones. Helped me realize some things about myself, and I will recommend it to others. Essential reading for anyone dating in the modern age."
With Dare to Lead, Brene brings decades of research to bear in a practical and insightful guide to courageous leadership. This book is a road map for anyone who wants to lead mindfully, live bravely, and dare to lead."
The brilliantly insightful Brené Brown draws upon extensive research and personal experience to explore the paradoxes of courage: we become strong by embracing vulnerability, we dare more greatly when we acknowledge our fear. I can’t stop thinking about this book.
Brittany Pressley performs this audiobook at a fast pace that will be familiar to listeners who live in large, bustling cities. But she knows how to moderate her energy for the tender sections, and her overall performance sounds authentic, conversational, and true to the core intentions of the author's story....Portrayed by Pressley, [the author] also sounds like someone you know, which makes her observations and insights all the more accessible.
"Author-narrator Rachel Hollis pulls no punches with this manifesto in which she exhorts women to claim the lives that they've always wanted. She sounds direct, confident, and kind. Her warm, down-to-earth style makes this listening experience like having your best friend or a life coach as close as your pocket or earphones. In a friendly tone she lists the main reasons why women don't achieve their dreams or ambitions - such as living their lives in terms of other people - and encourages them to avoid such pitfalls. This is an inspirational title that fans will have on their playlist to listen to again and again."" (Audiofile Magazine)

"

This is a wonderful recording. I like the performances and the variety of voices. For example, while there is one main narrator for each book there are diff voices for dialogue and the actors for those people are consistent. The voices are well cast and performed. The music in the background rarely bothered me, but is too loud or exciting in a few spots. I find listening to the word to be a good way to 'hear' it in a new way and is a valuable experience. I also love to play it for my children:) 
"Solid. Impactful. Life Changing...if you let it!
You will not find a book smarter than this one to lead you to a healthier lifestyle. Shawn keeps it real, takes off the kid gloves and delivers the research that holds the truth. Eat Smarter is NOT delivering a quick fix...they don’t work y’all...you have to actually DO the work! And the work is eating better quality food. You do NOT have to have any background in nutrition to understand the content happening between the front and back cover...Shawn makes it very palatable and easily digestible. He even gives you a 30 day CUSTOMIZABLE plan to get you started. If your overall goal is better health, this is the guide for you because it will sustain you for a lifetime!!!

4 people found this helpful"
"A stunningly important book
What made the experience of listening to How Not to Die the most enjoyable?

I have read a lot of books on the importance of nutrition -- a LOT. The China Study, anything that Furhman or Weil or Hyman or a dozen others have written. All of them excellent. This one, though, is the one that finally convinced me to quit playing Russian Roulette with my health and get serious. I have listened to it twice and ordered the hard copy because there is so much good information - information backed my multiple studies - about exactly what to eat and why.

If I could only have one book in my library, this would be it. You may not resonate with how Greger reads his book, but the information in it is far too valuable to let that deter you from reading it.
"
"lyrical
“The Prophets” by Robert Jones Jr is a lyrical love story of two gay boys during antebellum time in Mississippi. Jones wanted to write a story about gay slaves because none have been written. What was breathtaking to me was his lyrical prose while writing of the evils and horrifying conditions of slavery. His melodious tones make the indignities deeper in the soul. It took a long time for me to get into the story. I listened to the audible production narrated by Karen Chiton’s soothing voice. It was her voice that kept me listening when I might have given up. Her voice is pitch perfect. Jones writes a beautiful love story of two souls attempting to find dignity in the hellish conditions they find themselves. The slaves themselves and their lives are the focal of the story. The plantation owners occupy less of the story, as it’s mostly the slaves finding ways to survive unwieldly commands and ridiculous demands. It’s a story of survival. This isn’t really a hard edged slave story, for me anyway. The prose creates a literary, almost dream-like (at times) story of perseverance during a horrendous time in Black history. It’s difficult to explain how lyrical prose affects blinding cruelty. Jones has written a deeply moving story."
"I'm impressed by this book
I found this book helpful and interesting. I took Spanish in high school and have always wanted to improve my Spanish skills. So, this was an excellent find.I would definitely recommend this audio-book!
"

"I've bought several copies.
My copies of this book keep disappearing. It's a great book. I read it again ever couple years and always learn something.
A book which enlightens your thoughts on sales men and con men alike."
I have well over 100 books in my Audible library now, and while I came across several really excellent ones, this was the one that compelled me to write a review for the first time. I would definitely recommend this to a friend and have done so already. It is a fascinating listen. The author approaches such a mundane task as tidying with such passion, creativity and inspiration that I am absolutely amazed. I loved her very last chapter as well, where she points out that if you (the reader) pour as much passion into what you do, the results will surpass all expectations. It felt to me that Marie Kondo uses "tidying" as therapy sessions. I have finished her book in two long commutes during this cold and snowy Chicago winter. It was perfect, not too intense and yet so much to think about - my own home, things I possess and why. One other very interesting thing to me was that being a Japanese she describes how things are in Japanese households. I have travelled to Japan many times and I know that Japanese houses are much smaller than those in the US on average. Thus it was very fascinating how the author addressed the need for storing things in a Japanese home.
"Well researched book; a bit overwhelming
This book makes use of some amazing records and information from Tesla's own papers. It paints a very interesting portrait of the scientist. It does get a bit bogged down in details of patent rights, electric theory the various players who pop in and out of Tesla's life. But definitely worthwhile for anyone interested in this amazing man."
"diamonds among the brickwork
I persevered to the end and I'm glad that I did. This is definitely a book for people who understand computers and math, which is not my strong suit. However, what i could understand was very interesting and gave me many points to think about regarding human interactions."


In Atomic Habits, Clear will show you how to overcome a lack of motivation, change your environment to encourage success, and make time for new (and better) habits

Like the best intellectual polymaths, Peterson invites his readers to embark on their own intellectual, spiritual and ideological journeys into the many topics and disciplines he touches on. It’s a counter-intuitive strategy for a population hooked on the instant gratification of ideological conformity and social media ‘likes,’ but if Peterson is right, you have nothing to lose but your own misery.

"Life Changing
Not many business books have had a profound effect on the way I do business, but this one has changed me and my style of pricing my products and negotiating my services forever. Without making me become heartless, I feel like this book made me think about things differently and that simple paradigm shift has allowed me to make more money right away. I had to negotiate a deal the other day and U did so without anxiety or fear. Unlike so many other business books that waste half the book telling you how great the author is or trying to convince you why you should buy into the concept, this book doesn't waste a minute. I plan to listen more than once because I am sure there are things I can understand more fully after another listen. Strong narration by Michael Kramer. ,Amazing content, and more than the title implies, you will learn how to sell, how to negotiate, and how to walk away and feel good about it, knowing that some people just aren't your customers. I learned that meeting people halfway is poison for my business because it turns out that those are really customers who cannot afford to pay my rates in the first place and then later have no respect for what we do because, of course, they didn't pay full price, so why should they? Since reading/listening to this book less than a month ago, I have gotten full price for deals I would have previously discounted out of fear of losing the deal, and have gotten zero push back from the clients. It was like magic. It just took the guts to try it, which was scary because as a small business owner, it's real money I am playing with. But it worked, and I have changed. This isn't something they teach in business school, but they should. I'm not kidding about it being life changing. My new favorite book of all time for non-fiction. Bravo, Chris Voss."
"This is a ""should read""… Thought-provoking
I've been a member of audible since two months after its creation. This is only the second review I have ever posted with a library size numbering in the thousands and countless other books that I have returned; now I'll tell you why I am posting. I have always enjoyed Malcolm Gladwell's books so I was a bit apprehensive because I had read a few notable book reviewers reviews on this most recent publication. Therefore my mindset going into the book was cautious tending towards a negative perspective. I almost stopped reading after the first few chapters as I really could not buy into the perspective and underlying assumptions being posited. Nonetheless, I could not dismiss them out of hand and given Mr. Gladwell has been, for the most part, in his writing apolitical I pressed forward and glad I did. By the time I ended the book I can say this, regardless of your political bend this should leave you with some thought-provoking questions about society, our governmental structures, and how we view one another. The sophomoric approaches pontificated by politicians offering some law that will resolve all things is ""magical thinking"". The currents social drumbeat to see others outside your circles ['strangers' as defined by Mr. Gladwell] as threats and believe we can discern their intentions and motivations better than they can themselves are factual states of being in our time. 'If you don't agree with me therefore you must be evil' mindset is not helping any of us to understand another. Given the thought-provoking postulates of this book I wonder if we would come together as a nation if faced with, God forbid, another 9/11 event as we once did just a short few years ago. I hope you take the time to read the book. If you do decide to read the book I hope you'll set aside your own presuppositions and hear out Mr. Gladwell. I don't endorse all he has put forward but I applaud him for identifying and articulating clearly a problem we all face."
"Unexpected Brilliance
In one word, amazing! I will make this honest & to the point. As I am Australian we kind of like our info served straight up and no beating around the bush. I get tired of reading reviews that sound over the top of many peoples heads & those that make you wonder if they were paid to write it. Let me tell you this, from start to finish this guy knows his stuff. These Love languages Dr Chapman talks about transcend culture & speech language. They would work for anyone, anywhere in the world that has a desire to seek more from their partnership and is willing to listen. Dont let his funky southern accent put you off, it will actually endear you to him as you grow to admire his insights and find your own penny dropping inside. Everything he said made sense, plain english and would apply to everyone's situation whether married, in a relationship or not. Its real info that can be used to reopen and then keep the channels of communication open between partners. Also info that will make giving & receiving love as well as being lovable so much easier. It doesnt focus so much on the differences between men and women like in the Mars Venus Series of John Gray but more on the WAY we love. It explains why those suggestions you get in magazines dont always work so well. SO refreshing and info that I didnt even know I needed! Our marriage was in a rut & I can honestly say that when trying some suggestions from the book my husband immediately responded. He even wanted to listen to the book with me and we disussed things as we listened. It has brought us so much closer and helped us to connect again while learning more about ourselves and each other. We plan to go further with our ""reading"" as we have a new hobby, listening to books together. I hope Dr Chapman will keep writing! Thanks Dr!
"
"Wow
I have never written a book review before but this was easily one of the most important books I have ever read. Do not hesitate. Highly recommend!!!"
Whether you're leading a movement or a start-up, if you're trying to change an organizational culture or the world, Dare to Lead will challenge everything you think you know about brave leadership and give you honest, straightforward, actionable tools for choosing courage over comfort." (Tarana Burke, senior director, Girls for Gender Equity, founder, the Me Too movement)
"A wonderful book: urgent, essential and fun to read. I couldn't put it down, and it continues to resonate with me.

Girl, Stop Apologizing is an unflinchingly relatable manifesto that is as unapologetic as it gets. Each chapter is an espresso shot that kickstarts your 'can-do-itude' and challenges you to reach further and higher to achieve your goals.

"Best Audible purchase I ever made
I listen to this on my way to work every day, and I just completed it a couple of weeks ago. The advertisement on the cover really says it all, ""Hear the Bible come alive in dramatic audio theater.""

Mind you, I have, in the past, listened to numerous audio Bibles that left me annoyed due to the overwhelming music in the background. At times, it was almost as if whoever came up with the score for those audio Bibles wanted to make the listening experience as annoying as possible with awful music that did nothing but distract from the Word. This is not true for the Word of Promise. There is music in the background, but it is very calming, and I never found it distracting.

What really sets this audio Bible apart from the others is the exceptional quality of the background sounds - not just the music, but the sounds. When people are walking, you hear the footsteps. When they are crying, you hear the sobs. When the tabernacle is being constructed, you hear the construction. When Paul is writing, you hear his pen on the paper. When someone is killed, it is almost too realistic. This is all beautifully edited and mastered to very high quality standards until you feel that you are there, in the Bible, with the characters.

As to the all-star cast, you can almost see Moses crying as he delivers his final sermon knowing that he will never be able to enter the promised land. Richard Dryfuss delivers the voice of Moses with such an exceptional perfomance that you will be crying when you get to that point. Everyone in the cast did an exceptional job at delivering the content with conviction and gravitas."
"The best book to kick off this new year!
This book is amazing and it’s very detailed in dues and don’ts with creating a vibrant vitality lifestyle. Shawn’s storytelling and puns throughout the book are hilarious and are captivating to your attention keep engagement with your mind as the book unravels this well needed information. Thank you Shawn!
"
"Clear, Compelling & Transformative
If you only listen to one book about reversing &/or preventing chronic disease related to lifestyle choices this should be the book. The information is research based, scientifically accurate and compelling. Dr Greger presents his subject in language that non-medical people can easily understand. He breaks the book into chapters focused on different diseases--for example heart disease, respiratory illness, & brain disease--to name three of fifteen illnesses covered.

Please don't misunderstand me when I use the term easy. What I mean is that the message Dr Greger is discussing is easy follow and grasp. However, following a plant-based diet is difficult going until you get the hang of it. This is hard work--because processed foods, prepared food, fast food and anything not plant-based is off the list. That said, it is worth the effort. It is possible to heal what ails you by changing what you choose to eat.

Dr Greger has an excellent not-for-profit web site with lots of information and video lectures available as well. He is passionate about educating the public and trying to get his message out there. Sometimes this can feel a bit overwhelming--also occasionally I might have preferred a professional narrator. All that aside, if you want to take charge of your own health and wellness this is the book to read. Life changing and really pretty fantastic."
"Brilliant elegant but
Oh I loved the first 80%; I wish Jones had made a different plot decision with Samuel and Timothy. An ambitious and stunning book. Some Morrison; some Angels in America. Lots of originality. But....
Poetic
Not an easy read for me, but glad I stuck with it, a powerful book, that read like poetry"
"This is very informative book
This is very informative book for all. If you want to learn Spanish language you must try this book. This book also helps you know about Spanish history. You can read thbook you better knowing.

1 person found this helpful"